Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now that we have successfully addressed the others in this lecture, we're going to display the others.
But before then, I think we have to rename this.
We're going to rename this to others.
And is it a fetch product?
You're going to call this fetch others.
Okay.
And over here we can as work or add this quantity to a string by saying dots to string.
Now, over here, you can see we have the product idea field.
But in our database, we don't have any field as such.
So definitely we're going to get a batch error.
So what we can do is for now, we can get rid of this.
And definitely we're going to have an error because we made that field required.
So let go of this error.
What we can then do is to go to the card's attribute file, which we have in the models directory.
Okay.
So over here we can add the question mark to say it can be no.
Then over here we can get rid of this required.
Okay.
You can see we don't longer have that here.
Okay, great.
Now, I think over here we also need to save.
Okay.
Folder and it's control.
And that's to say.
Okay.
Now, the next step is to make sure we tell our entire screen.
About this provider file we just created.
Okay.
So to do that, we didn't need to go to the main did that file, right.
I think you've seen this before.
Okay.
And in that fight and what we can then do is we can just copy this and test then.
Is it a parts provider?
This is going to be order.
I think we call this others.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Not to display a hardass, you're going to need to go back to the order screen.
And over here we can dance a finer and.
We can create a prepaid card or the provider.
And they're going to seize the courts to provide the rights.
Again, we can click on this and then dozens of contest and over here.
You're going to pass in that order.
Or just provide a class.
Okay.
Now, instead of this, all we can then say is other provider start.
Gets orders, then the length.
Okay.
Now, if you forget the orders, get other stores.
You can just go back to the lecture where we went, where we did this.
Okay.
Now let's check it out.
My orders.
Okay.
You can see not saying all we can do is we can hardly start this.
Let's just start in.
But we start in.
Okay.
Now click on.
So.
I think my orders like nuts and also gets displayed.
So all we can do is you're going need to call that fetch product, right?
Okay.
So let's see if we can call this in the home.
And your home screen.
Okay.
So what we can do is we can say finer and.
Or the provider.
So fetch all that.
That's what I want to call.
Right?
Or that provider, it's going to be equal to provider.
That contest.
Right.
And over here.
You can then say.
Others.
Rights others.
Then you can see all the.
Provider.
Those words, fetch others.
Okay.
Now, let's also studies to see.
To see if it's working, and that's okay.
Ack ack ack ack ack ack ack ack.
And.
Okay, great.
So we needed to call this we needed to call the fetch for that.
Right now, instead of calling, it's here.
I'm going to -- on a -- it so you can use this way or we're just going to do that and left in this
lecture or in the future lecture.
Now to save time.
I think this is the process we have used so far.
So you should be able to understand, I think we've done this before for the fish for that.
Right.
Okay.
So what we can then do is to display our holders.
Now to do that, you're going to need to go back to the order of the screen.
Okay.
This is the.
Or the screen.
Okay.
And.
Okay, okay.
First of all, let's go to the order.
I think we're going to get an error.
Okay.
So over here, you're gonna need to import that court's order attribute, right?
I think you've seen this before, so.
So what we can say is, finally, we can just call this order list, and there's going to be a call
to provider.
And lots of contests.
And over here we're going to call that quarter, actually.
But okay, now.
So let's switch control.
Nice to see.
So and we're definitely going to have it here.
Okay.
You can see because we need to wrap this order item with something on us.
Change the notifier value.
Okay.
So we're going to go back to the order screen and over here, content dots wrap with widgets like change
notifier that value right.
You've seen this before and over here there's going to be value and order provider then just gets orders
then intense.
I think you've seen this before.
Like in our art, we start this or Katrina saved is going to go off now.
Okay.
Now you're going to now need to display our orders order item and contra and be.
Now there's nothing out there.
And I'm not going to going to be asset's image, but it's going to be network image, right?
Because it is coming from the database right over here.
You can see this is a network issue to be.
So what we can do is we need to convert this to network.
Network image.
And instead of just because I need to get rid of this, then we're going to see on the score, I think
we call this.
Okay.
We just called it on the order list.
DOD imagery over a hell of a year.
This.
We're going to get rid of this and there's going to be order.
Those words.
I think tied to that is the name of the product.
And over here we can then get rid of this order.
Order list.
Order lists.
The word prize.
Okay.
We already covered it.
Covered that.
It's a string, so you can see we don't need to convert.
Okay.
Sorry.
Not really.
There.
Okay.
Other.
Or at least that's what the price.
Okay.
And I think that was a case country in excessive.
You can see.
Okay.
You can see we have it multiple times.
We ordered it multiple times.
And that's why we are saying it multiple times.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
If you have an issue, please let me know.
Okay?
Okay, guys.
See you in a sec.